Article Status - Illinois SOS
Inbox

BusinessServices@ilsos.gov
3:19 PM (5 hours ago)
to me

File Number: 75570112
Packet Number: 177783390066921565

Dear: AMPLIFI


Congratulations! We're pleased to inform you that your application has been
approved, and the Articles of Incorporation to create your Not-For-Profit (NFP)
has been recorded with the Illinois Secretary of State's office. We wish you
success with your new business!

You can retrieve a copy of your filing at:
https://apps.ilsos.gov/nfparticles/status.jsp by using the Packet Number
provided above. The link to retrieve and print your PDF document will expire
after 1 year. If you experience any difficulty in retrieving the document,
please contact us at BusinessServices@ilsos.gov.

Please Note:
1. NFPs must file an annual report before the first day of the
anniversary month each year. A printed annual report will be mailed to the
registered agent within 45 days before the due date.
2. Charitable NFPs must also register with the Office of the Attorney
General.
3. NFPs must apply for Federal Tax and Couty Property Tax exemptions
through the federal Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or the county where the real
estate is located.

Online Assistance for your business:
Visit www.ilsos.gov to:
o File your annual report online
o Check the "status" of your company
o Access business resources, forms and other services
o Purchase a Certificate Good Standing

Again, congratulations on this exciting accomplishment! Please do not hesitate
to contact my Business Services Department if you have any questions or need
further assistance.

Sincerely,

Alexi Giannoulias
Illinois Secretary of State

Department of Business Services
Corporation Division
Telephone (217) 782-6961


Disclaimer

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.

This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by Mimecast, a leader in email security and cyber resilience. Mimecast integrates email defenses with brand protection, security awareness training, web security, compliance and other essential capabilities. Mimecast helps protect large and small organizations from malicious activity, human error and technology failure; and to lead the movement toward building a more resilient world. To find out more, visit our website.

